Keep Im In Touch 

Overview:
This is an app that I designed exclusively for my family, but it can obviously
be modified for other small groups. Keep Im In Touch simplifies keeping in touch
by taking all of the services my family enjoys, and putting them in one simple
app. This eliminates the need for all of us to check several apps multiple 
times a day to message each other, plan events, share photos, locate each other
and more. 
Arguably, a lot of these things can be done via a Facebook group, but having an
exclusive app just for a small, tight-knit group like my family allows the users
to keep in touch without any distractions from all of the rest of their social 
networking lives. Facebook is much more geared towards mass-social networks, so
more personal relationships tend to get buried in the frenzy of all of the wall
posts, messages, news-feeds, games, and more from pretty much everyone you know.Special groups like my family can really use their own dedicated apps for more 
intimate and customized interactions. This frees the group from the craze of the
mass-social network, and also frees the mass-social network from the complicated
management of small groups, and leaves apps like Facebook to do what it does 
best.

Progress:
Right now, I have the message board, event planning, and location 
tracking implemented to various degrees: the message board is fully functional,
the event planning lacks a calendar representations of the planned events, and
the location tracking needs pins for each user and much more fluid map 
functionalities in terms of zooming in and out and moving around. All of the
data is stored and synced instantly with messages, events, and locations all
belonging to the correct users.

How to play with it (test it):
Log in with "James" "Dad" "Mom" or "Paul" for the name, and "1234" for the 
password for all of them. You can create, browse, and view messages and
events pretty intuitively in their respective tabs. In "Where is everyone?"
click on the buttons with the family members' names to move the map to
where everyone is. I have logged in as different members with different
current location settings in the iPhone simulator to put people in different
places.

Resources:
Backend: I used Simperium API to sync all of my core data.

Icons: I used the free icons from Glyphish.

Calendar: I am experimenting with Kal.

Photo: I considered Three20, but I may just do a simple UIImagePickerController.

TODO:
Drop pins on the map that show where and when the users were located last. 
Implement the photo sharing tab.
Improve the event planning tab by integrating a calendar.
Implement user profiles complete with pictures, and allow admin to manage users.
Make login secure.
Reset database, make the app look much better, and deploy.
